Fix link not rendering properly (#7586)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/analytics/tracking_custom_events.md

> You can record custom events in Braze to learn more about your app's usage patterns and to segment your users by their actions on the dashboard.

> Before implementation, be sure to review examples of the segmentation options afforded by custom events, custom attributes, and purchase events in our [Best practices]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_wide/analytics_overview/#user-data-collection). We also recommend familiarizing yourself with our [event naming conventions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/event_naming_conventions/).

Author: ```suggestion
Before implementation, be sure to review examples of the segmentation options afforded by custom events, custom attributes, and purchase events in our [Best practices]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_wide/getting_started/analytics_overview/#best-practices). We also recommend familiarizing yourself with our [event naming conventions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/event_naming_conventions/).
```
